The Business Problem 

You work for a small bank and are responsible for
determining if customers are creditworthy to give a loan to. Your team
typically gets 200 loan applications per week and approves them by hand.

Due to a financial scandal that hit a competitive bank last week, you
suddenly have an influx of new people applying for loans for your bank
instead of the other bank in your city. All of a sudden you have nearly
500 loan applications to process this week!

Your manager sees this new influx as a great opportunity and wants you
to figure out how to process all of these loan applications within one
week.

Fortunately for you, you just completed a course in classification
modeling and know how to systematically evaluate the creditworthiness of
these new loan applicants.

For this project, you will analyze the business problem using the
Problem Solving Framework and provide a list of creditworthy customers
to your manager in the next two days.

You have the following information to work with:

- Data on all past applications 
- The list of customers that need to be processed in the next few days

Important: Your manager only cares about how accurate you can identify
people who qualify and do not qualify for loans for this problem.

Write a brief report on how you came up with your classification model
and write down how many of the new customers would qualify for a loan.

Data credit-data-training.xlsx - This file contains all credit approvals
from your past loan applicants the bank has ever completed.

customers-to-score.xlsx - This is the new set of customers that you need
to score on the classification model you will create.

Non Alteryx Software For students using software other than Alteryx to
create the classification models, make sure to format the data as
follows and do not sort the data before you run it through your
classification models. This allows you to get consistent results
reviewers expect.

Variable	Data Type 
Credit-Application-Result	String
Account-Balance	String 
Duration-of-Credit-Month	Double
Payment-Status-of-Previous-Credit	String 
Purpose	String
Credit-Amount	Double 
Value-Savings-Stocks	String
Length-of-current-employment	String 
Instalment-per-cent	Double
Guarantors	String 
Duration-in-Current-address	Double
Most-valuable-available-asset	Double 
Age-years	Double
Concurrent-Credits	String 
Type-of-apartment	Double
No-of-Credits-at-this-Bank	String Occupation	Double
No-of-dependents	Double Telephone	Double Foreign-Worker	Double